Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else\’s hands, but not you.
Trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
I’m not afraid... I was BORN for this!
Whatever you are willing to put up with is exactly what you will have.
We are what we imagine. Our very existence consists in our imagination of ourselves. The greatest tragedy that can befall us is to go unimagined.
There is a fire inside. Sit down beside it. Watch the flames, the ancient, flickering dance of yourself.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
I have always known that at last I would take this road, but yesterday I did not know that it would be today.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Life is not discovery of fate; it is continuous creation of future, through choices of thoughts, feelings and actions in the present.
You were born an original. Don’t die a copy.
Is life not a hundred times too short for us to stifle ourselves?
There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.”
The pen that writes your life story must be held in your own hand.
Every choice before you represents the universe inviting you to remember who you are and what you want.
Men weary as much of not doing the things they want to do as of doing the things they do not want to do.
Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Nothing truly valuable arises from ambition or from a mere sense of duty; it stems rather from love and devotion towards men and towards objective things.
“To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart.
How do we keep our inner fire alive? Two things, at minimum, are needed: an ability to appreciate the positives in our life - and a commitment to action.
The goal of childhood is to become an individual; the goal of adulthood is to give that individuality away. The task of childhood is to separate; the task of adulthood is to connect.
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get someone else to pay you for doing it.
The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials.
Hands that serve are holier than lips that pray.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
I think the purpose of life is to be useful, to be responsible, to be honorable, to be compassionate. It is, after all, to matter: to count, to stand for something, to have made some difference that you lived at all.
Toil and risk are the price of glory, but it is a lovely thing to live with courage and die leaving an everlasting fame.